Ignore `Not` which column not in data frame (#2228)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/lib/indexing.md

    * an `All` or `Between` expression (see [DataAPI.jl](https://github.com/JuliaData/DataAPI.jl));
    * a colon literal `:`.

Indexing with `Not` has special behavior, in particular:

> * `String`s and `Symbol`s that do not belong in the column names of the data frame are ignored. The same applies for elements of `AbstractVector{<:String}` and `AbstractVector{Symbol}` that do not belong in the column names of the data frame; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* strings and `Symbol`s that do not belong in the column names of the data frame are ignored. The same applies for elements of `AbstractVector{<:AbstractString}` and `AbstractVector{Symbol}` that do not belong in the column names of the data frame; 
```

Reviewer: I would also add that the same applies to the case if they are present in `All` expressions.

On the other hand - the three rules you described below are not special - they follow the standard rules for `Not` from InvertedIndices.jl. So we can do two things - either just remove them, or if you think it is worth to mention it, change the line above to be more verbose and say something like:
```
Indexing with `Not` selects indices that are a complement of the selection specified by its argument, in particular:
```
